["You just sent the most powerful man in Westeros to bed without his supper.", "A treasonous statement. Joffrey is king.", "No. I think armies give you power.", "...it's easy for you to preach utter devotion to family when you're making all the decisions.", "When have you ever done something that wasn't in your interest but solely for the benefit of the family?", "Oh, \"monster\". Perhaps you should speak to me more softly then. Monsters are dangerous and, just now, kings are dying like flies. [Tywin and Tyrion discuss the Red Wedding]", "I'm all for cheating. This is war. But to slaughter them at a wedding...", "My lady, people have been laughing at me far longer than they've been laughing at you. I'm the Half-Man, the Demon-Monkey, the Imp.", "The disgraced daughter and the demon monkey. We're perfect for each other.", "You have children. How happy would you say you are?", "Even Joffrey?", "Keep up!", "It's not easy being drunk all the time. Everyone would do it if it were easy. [heavy-heartedly, Tyrion intends to tell Sansa about the Red Wedding]", "Sansa...  [Sansa turns, her face is stained with tears, and Tyrion sees she already knows about what happened to her mother and brother. He walks out]", "Why sheep shift?", "My lady...", "The Northerners will never forget.", "Who? Whom?", "Ah. I could speak to Lord Varys and learn their perversions. Anyone named Desmond Crakehall must be a pervert.", "I am the Imp; I have certain standards to maintain.", "How long does it go on?", "Every time we deal with an enemy, we create two more.", "Compassion. Yes. I killed my lover with my bare hands and I shot my own father with a crossbow.", "What is it that you want exactly?", "Where the castles are made of gingerbread and the moats are filled with blackberry wine. The powerful have always preyed on the powerless, that's how they became powerful in the first place.", "Good luck finding him.", "Do you know what it's like to stuff your shit through one of those air holes?", "Are you a lord if you kill your father? I don't imagine they revoke your nobility for killing a whore, it must happen all the time.", "Can I drink myself to death on the road to Meereen?", "I still don't see why I had to stay in this fucking crate once we set sail.", "The future is shit. Just like the past.\"Game of Thrones: Blackwater (#2.9)\" (2012)", "Don't fight for a king. Don't fight for his kingdoms. Don't fight for honor, don't fight for glory, don't fight for riches, because you won't get any. This is your city Stannis means to sack. That's your gate he's ramming. If he gets in it will be your house that burns. Your gold he steals, your women he rapes. Those are brave men knocking at our door. Let's go kill them! [Tyrion is enraged to see the Hound drinking during the battle]", "[sarcastically] Can I get you some ice mint? And a nice bowl of raspberries too? [Tyrion and Bronn shake hands before the battle] Bronn:   Don't get killed.", "Nor you, my friend. Bronn:   Oh... are we friends now?", "Of course we are. Just because I pay you for your services doesn't diminish our friendship. Bronn:   Enhances it, really.", "Oh, \"enhances\". Fancy word for a sellsword. Bronn:   Been spending time with fancy folks. [the Hound's fear of fire is renewed when watching people burn to death, and he refuses to keep fighting]", "You're in the Kingsguard, Clegane. We must beat them back or they're going to take the city... your king's city.", "A wedding.", "Sir Lancel, tell the Hound to tell the King that the Hand is extremely busy.", "That would make me the quarter-man. Just doesn't have the same ring to it.", "[to Lord Varys] I'm entirely sure you're entirely sure what I'm suggesting.\"Game of Thrones: Mockingbird (#4.7)\" (2014)", "[to Oberyn Martell] If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.", "[bitterly] You're the golden son. You could kill a king, lose a hand, fuck your own sister, you'll always be the golden son.", "Why are you sorry? Because you're an evil bastard with no conscience and no heart? That's what I liked about you in the first place.  [Bronn nods. They shake hands] Bronn:   We had some good days together.", "Yes, we did.  [Bronn pats on Tyrion's hand, then walks to the door, looking a bit guilty. He bangs on the door, and turns to Tyrion] Bronn:   What will you do?", "I suppose I'll have to kill the Mountain myself.  [Bronn nods]", "Won't that make for a great song?  [the door opens. Bronn lingers] Bronn:   I hope to hear them sing it one day.  [Bronn leaves]", "[tears welling] Well... sooner or later, Cersei always gets what she wants.", "If you want justice, you've come to the wrong place.", "Lollys Stokeworth? She doesn't strike me as your sort of girl. Bronn:   I wouldn't say I had a single sort of girl.", "She's dim-witted. Bronn:   If I wanted wits, I'd marry you.", "When my sister arranged this love match, did she mention that Lollys has an older sister? Bronn:   Falyse. Aye, I did know about the older sister.", "And you understand the rules of inheritance? Bronn:   Falyse is 40 and barren.", "She still gets Castle Stokeworth when her father dies. Bronn:   She does. Unless she happens to perish before her father. Then Lollys gets the castle. What? Ladies fall from their horses and snap their pretty necks all the time.", "You and my sister deserve each other. [Tyrion and Bronn talk about Gregor \"The Mountain\" Clegane]", "Does he frighten you so much? Bronn:   I'd be a bloody fool if he didn't frighten me. He's freakish big and freakish strong. And quicker than you'd expect for a man of that size. Maybe I could take him, dance around until he's so tired of hacking at me, he dropped his sword, get him off his feet somehow. But one misstep...  [Bronn snaps his fingers] Bronn:   ...and I'm dead.\"Game of Thrones: Valar Dohaeris (#3.1)\" (2013)", "What are they doing here?", "No, I don't think so.", "They stay outside!", "I want what is mine by right. Jaime is your eldest son, heir to your lands and titles, but he is a Kingsguard, forbidden from marriage or inheritance. The day Jaime put on the white cloak he gave up his claim to Casterly Rock. I am your son and lawful heir.", "It is mine by right.", "[quietly] Why?", "Grand Maester Pycelle made the same joke. You must be proud to be as funny as a man whose balls brush his knees.Bronn:   You've given me a taste for the finer things. And if you want me to carry on protecting you, you'll need to pay more.", "I thought we were friends. Bronn:   We are, but I'm a sellsword. I sell my sword. I don't loan it out to friends as a favor.", "How much? Bronn:   Double.", "Double? Bronn:   I'm a knight now. Knights are worth double.", "I don't even know how much I'm paying you now. Bronn:   Which means you can afford it.", "Still makes me more clever than you.\"Game of Thrones: Hardhome (#5.8)\" (2015)", "If only I were otherwise.", "Into your service? Your grace, we have only just met. It's too soon to know if you deserve my service.", "It's a beautiful dream, stopping the wheel. You're not the first person who's ever dreamt it.", "When I was a young man I heard a story about a baby born during the worst storm in living memory. She had no wealth, no lands, no army, only a name and a handful of supporters, most of whom probably thought they could use that name to benefit themselves. They kept her alive, moving her from place to place, often hours ahead of the men who had been sent to kill her. She was eventually sold off to some warlord on the edge of the world and that appeared to be that. And then a few years later the most well informed person I knew told me that this girl without wealth, lands, or armies had somehow acquired all 3 in a very short span of time, along with three dragons. He thought she was our best, last chance to build a better world. I thought you were worth meeting at the very least.", "Someday, if you decide not to execute me, I'll tell you all about why I killed my father. And on that day, should it ever come, we'll need more wine than this.\"Game of Thrones: Walk of Punishment (#3.3)\" (2013)Bronn:   What are you saying? That the ladies enjoyed him so much, they gave him the time for free?", "Is that what your telling us?  [Pod smiles]", "Sit down Podrick. Bronn:   We're going to need details.", "Copious details.", "Ah, the return of the conquering hero.  [grin]", "Does he have a little jaunt in his step? Bronn:   The lad's practically skipping.", "You were gone a long time. I trust you got your money's worth - or should I say my money's worth.", "It was a gift, Podrick! This is more than I give you in a year. Bronn:   He's a squire. You don't pay him.", "Oh. Then it's much more than I give you in a year.", "Have you ever known a whore to turn down gold? They're happy enough to take it when I give it to them. Bronn:  [looks at Podrick] What did you tell them?", "What did you do to them?", "And they seemed to like these things?", "Only they weren't paid. Bronn:   What're you saying? These ladies enjoyed him so much they gave him the time for free?", "Is that what you're telling us?", "Sit down, Podrick.  [pours some wine]", "We're going to need details. Copious details.", "[reviews the kingdom's ledgers] For years I've heard that Littlefinger is a magician: whenever the Crown needs money, he rubs his hands together and - poof! - mountains of gold. Bronn:   Let me guess: he's not a magician.", "No. Bronn:   He's stealing it?", "Worse: he's borrowing it. Bronn:   What's wrong with that?", "We can't afford to pay it back. That's what's wrong with it. The Crown owes millions to my father. Bronn:   Seeing as it's his grandson's ass on the throne, I imagine he'll forgive that debt.", "Forgive a debt? My father? For a man of the world, you're strangely naive. Bronn:   I've never borrowed money before. I'm not clear on the rules.", "Well, ahem, the basic principle is I lend you money, and after an agreed-upon period of time, you return it with interest. Bronn:   And what if I don't?", "Well, you have to. Bronn:   But what if I don't?", "This is why I don't lend you money. Anyway, it's not my father I'm worried about, it's the Iron Bank of Braavos. We owe them tens of millions. If we fail to repay these loans, the Bank will fund our enemies. One way or another, they always get their gold back. [Tyrion, Bronn and Podrick walk through Littlefinger's brothel with a wagon filled with the kingdom's ledgers]", "Podrick?", "After a long consultation with my colleague, Ser Bronn, I've finally found a suitable reward for the services you've provided over and above what might be considered reasonable. Tell me, Pod...  [they enter a different room of the brothel]", "...have you ever been with a woman?", "Wonderful. Genna specializes in first-timers.  [a curtain pulls back to reveal a naked courtesan] Bronn:   She's not bad with second-timers, either.", "A fair enough repayment for putting your spear through my would-be killer's face, wouldn't you say? Now, as it happens Marei...  [Genna approaches Pod, caressing him. He walks backwards, embarrassed. Another curtain opens to reveal another naked courtesan]", "...is quite the spear-handler herself. She's here to thank you for staying by my side as the battle raged all around us. Marei:   He's handsome. You didn't tell me he was handsome.", "Kayla...  [Marei approaches Pod. She and Marei start to strip him. A third curtain opens to reveal a very flexible courtesan]", "...is famous from here to Volantis... in certain circles. One of four women in the world who can perform a proper Meereenese Knot.", "She's here to thank you for being a thoroughly respectful fellow who's never once failed to address me as \"my Lord.\" Be back in time for my supper.  [Tyrion puts a bag of gold on the table and leaves with Bronn and the ledgers] Bronn:   Pace yourself, lad.", "Master of Coin?", "I'm quite good at spending money, but a lifetime of outrageous wealth hasn't taught me much about managing it.\"Game of Thrones: The Ghost of Harrenhal (#2.5)\" (2012)Protestor:   Brother fornicates with sister in the bed of kings. Are we surprised when the fruit of their incest is rotten? Yes. A rotten king.", "It's hard to argue with his assessment. Bronn:   Not after what he did to your birthday present.", "The king is a lost cause. It's the rest of us I'm worried about now.", "I remember reading an old sailor's proverb. Piss on wildfire and your cock burns off. Hallyne:   Oh, I have not conducted this experiment. It could well be true. [Tyrion and Cersei are discussing Renly's mysterious death]", "Accounts differ. Most seem to implicate Catelyn Stark in some way.", "Some say it was one of his own Kingsguard, while still others say it was Stannis himself who did it after negotiations went sour.", "That's not what Varys says. He says Renly's army is flocking to support Stannis, which would give Stannis superiority over us on both land and sea.", "And I say Father raised you to have too much respect for money.", "Stannis Baratheon is coming for us, sooner rather than later.", "She'll be safer in Dorne.", "It so happens that I am. Myrcella is a sweet, innocent girl, and I don't blame her at all for you.", "Schemes and plots are the same thing.", "Wildfire? You wouldn't lie to me, would you, cousin?", "That's a lie right there.", "Tell me: if the vile allegations against my brother and sister are true, do you think it will make Jaime more likely to kill you, or less likely? When I tell him you're fucking her, I mean.", "The smart money would be on \"more likely.\"", "But then, perhaps his own unnatural urges would give him sympathy for yours.", "I suppose there's only one way to find out.", "When did she tell you this?", "Swear to me on what?", "But I don't care about your life.", "All right, all right, enough. Even torturing you is boring. Just get out.  [he kicks Lancel out of the palanquin]", "Oh, Lancel, tell my friend Bronn to please kill you if anything should happen to me.  [Bronn, who is waiting outside, looks at Lancel expectantly]", "Do you drink wine?", "[to Sansa] I promise you one thing, my lady. I won't ever hurt you.", "There will be no bedding ceremony.", "There will be no bedding ceremony.", "[threateningly] Then you'll be fucking your own bride with a wooden cock!  [a shocked silence falls. Lord Tywin, sensing danger, gets to his feet. Joffrey stares at Tyrion incredulously]", "Rather less than I planned to be. Isn't it a man's duty to be drunk at his own wedding?", "And?", "What did you once call me? \"A drunken little lust-fulled beast.\"", "[slurs his words] There you have it. Nothing to worry about. Drinking and lust. No man can match me in these things. I am the god of tits and wine... I shall build a shrine to myself at the next brothel I visit.  [Tyrion tries to take a drink, but Tywin grabs the cup out of his hand]", "[drunkenly to Sansa] Come, wife. I vomited on a girl once, during the act, not proud of it. But I think honesty is important between a man and his wife, don't you agree? Come, I'll tell you all about it, put you in the mood.\"Game of Thrones: Lord Snow (#1.3)\" (2011)", "No one turns away a Lannister.Yoren:   Bear's balls.", "Oh, you're joking. Yoren:   And his brains, and his guts, his lungs, and his heart, all fried in his own fat. Well, when you're a hundred miles north of the Wall and you ate your last meal a week ago, you leave nothing for the wolves.", "And how do a bear's balls taste? Yoren:   Bit chewy.  [they laugh] Yoren:   What about you, my lord? What's the strangest thing you've eaten?", "Do Dornish girls count?  [they laugh again]", "So... you roam the Seven Kingdoms collaring pickpockets and horse thieves and bring them here as eager recruits. Yoren:   Aye. Well, it's not all of 'em's done bad things. Some of 'em's just poor lads looking for steady feed. Some of 'em's highborn lads looking for glory.", "Better chance of finding feed than glory.", "You don't have enough men to be an army, and aside from Yoren here, none of you are particularly funny.", "[to Yoren] Do you think I'm plump?  [Yoren smiles and looks away]", "Listen, Benjen - may I call you Benjen?", "I'm not sure what I've done to offend you. I have great admiration for the Night's Watch. I have great admiration for you as First Ranger...", "But... I don't believe that giants and ghouls and white walkers are lurking beyond the Wall. I believe that the only difference between us and the wildlings is that when that Wall went up, our ancestors happened to live on the right side of it.", "I think he's starting to like me.", "Never forget what you are, the rest of world will not. Wear it like an armor and it can never be used to hurt you.\"Game of Thrones: Home (#6.2)\" (2016)", "The next time I have an idea like that... punch me in the face!", "[to Varys] If I lost my cock I would drink all the time.  [to Grey Worm]", "Meaning no offense. He makes dwarf jokes, I make eunuch jokes.", "You think them.", "Dragons do not do well in captivity. Missandei:   How do you know this?", "That's what I do. I drink and I know things.", "[talking to the two dragons] I'm friends with your mother. I'm here to help. Don't eat the help.\"Game of Thrones: The Lion and the Rose (#4.2)\" (2014)", "Better her than you.", "Hello.", "You saw her board the ship? Bronn:   Aye, she's on it.", "And you saw the ship sail away? Bronn:   No one knows she's there but you, me, and Varys.", "How do you know? Bronn:   Because if someone follows me without an invitation, I'm the last person they ever follow.", "[worriedly] Is someone following you?  [Bronn puts a hand on Tyrion's shoulder] Bronn:   She's gone. I know you don't want to believe it, but she is. Now, go drink until it feels like you did the right thing. [Jaime and Tyrion are eating dinner together; Jaime hasn't touched his food]", "Your new hand is nicer than the old one. Wouldn't you agree, Pod?", "Gilded steel. Not eating. Why is no one eating? My wife wastes away, my brother starves himself...", "You lost a hand, not a stomach. Try the boar. Cersei can't get enough since one killed Robert for her.  [Pod steps forward with a sausage on a fork, but Jaime waves it away. Tyrion picks up his cup of wine]", "A toast. To the proud Lannister children: the dwarf, the cripple, and the mother of madness.  [Jaime reaches for his cup, but he accidentally knocks it over with his new hand]", "It's only wine.  [pause]", "What about your left?", "You're the Lord Commander now. Command. Let others do the fighting. When was the last time Father used a sword?", "Train, then. Learn to fight with your other hand.", "You need a proper, discreet swordsman. As it happens, I have just the one.\"Game of Thrones: The Night Lands (#2.2)\" (2012)", "Tell me, when your men slaughtered Ned Stark's men at the throne room, did you give the orders?", "[teasing] The fool. He had no idea you were already bought.", "I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.  [Janos jumps on his feet furiously]", "\"Dwarf\"? You should have stopped at \"imp\". And yes, you will stand here and take it from me, unless you like to take it from my friend here.  [Janos notices that Bronn stands near him]", "I intend to serve as Hand of the King until my father returns from the war. And seeing as you betrayed the last Hand of the King, well, I just wouldn't feel safe with you lurking about.", "The queen regent. And you are a fool to believe she is your friend.", "No, we shall not.  [several guards of the City Watch enter]", "There's a ship leaving for Eastwatch-by-the-Sea tonight. From there, I'm afraid it's rather long walk to Castle Black. I hope you enjoy the Wall. I found it surprisingly beautiful... in a brutal, horribly uncomfortable sort of way. Bronn:   The lads will escort you. The streets aren't safe at night, my Lord.", "His name is Bronn, and he is the new commander of the City Watch. Bronn:  [to the guards] Boys...  [the guards drag Janos Slynt outside, despite his loud protests]", "I'm no king, but I think there's more to ruling than that.", "As has Jaime repeatedly, according to Stannis Baratheon.", "She was my mother too.", "Strange things do happen. You should taste her fish pie. Shae:   I don't think Lord Varys likes fish pie.", "I'm not questioning your honor, Lord Janos. I'm denying its existence.\"Game of Thrones: The House of Black and White (#5.2)\" (2015)", "[about Shae] She wanted me to leave King's Landing. She begged me. I wouldn't go.", "Because I liked it. Power. Even as a servant.", "I didn't rule. I was a servant.", "Managed to kill a lot of people.", "She ought to offer her cunt. Best part of her for the best part of me.", "I find us repulsive.\"Game of Thrones: The Prince of Winterfell (#2.8)\" (2012)", "I did not know.  [to Bronn]", "And how did you accomplish this marked drop in thievery? Bronn:   Me and the lads rounded up all the known thieves.", "For questioning? Bronn:   Uh, no.  [Tyrion looks annoyed] Bronn:   It's just the unknown thieves we've got to worry about now.", "We talked about this. Bronn:   Aye, we talked about it. Have you ever been in a city under siege? Maybe this part's not in your books. See, it's not the fighting that kills most people; it's the starving. Food's worth more than gold. Noble ladies sell their diamonds for a sack of potatoes. Things get bad enough, the poor start eating each other. The thieves, they love a siege. Soon as the gates are sealed, they steal all the food. By the time it's all over, they're the richest men in town.", "[to Cersei] I will hurt you for this. A day will come when you think you are safe and happy, and your joy will turn to ashes in your mouth. And you will know the debt is paid.", "To strike? My dear nephew, you do see these men preparing the walls for siege? You do understand Stannis Baratheon sails this way?", "A brave choice, Your Grace. I'm sure your men will line up behind you.", "Imagine Stannis' terror.", "You're an intelligent man. I like to think I'm an intelligent man.", "I wish we could converse as two honest, intelligent men.", "[brief pause] What do you want? Tell me.", "My brother was the youngest Kingsguard in history. My sister became queen at the age of nineteen. When I reached manhood, my father put me in charge of all the drains and cisterns in Casterly Rock.", "The water never flowed better. And all the shit found its way to the sea. Never expected to have any real power. So when my father named me acting Hand...", "I do. Last thing I expected.", "I'd like to keep playing it. If Stannis breaches the gates, the game is over.", "The Lord of Light wants his enemies burned. The Drowned God wants them drowned. Why are all the gods such vicious cunts? Where is the god of tits and wine?", "We should sail there immediately.", "A girl at the edge of the world is the least of our problems.", "One game at a time, my friend.\"Game of Thrones: Baelor (#1.9)\" (2011) [Tyrion and Tywin talk about the savages of the mountain clans that Tyrion recruited recently]", "Ferocious? Last night, a Moon Brother stabbed a Stone Crow over a sausage. Three Stone Crows seized the Moon Brother and opened his throat. Bronn managed to keep Shagga from chopping off the dead man's cock, which was fortunate but even still, Olf is demanding blood money, which Shagga and Gunther refuse to pay.", "Surely there are ways to have me killed that would be less detrimental to the war effort!Bronn:   Our lord here used to be married. Shae:   Married?", "[annoyed] How did you hear that? Bronn:   You hear lot of things playing dice with Lannister soldiers.", "[stands] Another night, perhaps. Shae:  [grabs his hand] Not another night. This night!", "It's not a pleasant story. Shae:   Or maybe I will cry. Bronn:   I'm guessing the lady and I can tell more unpleasant stories than your lordship.", "[sits down] So... I was sixteen. My brother Jaime and I were riding when we heard a scream. She ran out onto the road, clothes half torn off, with two men on her heels. Jaime scared away the men easily enough while I wrapped her in my cloak. She was too scared to send off on her own, so Jaime hunted down the rapers, I took her to the nearest inn and fed her. Her name was Tysha. She was a wheelwright's orphan, and she was hungry. Together we finished off three chickens and a flagon of wine. Impossible as it seems, there was a time when I was unaccustomed to wine. I forgot how frail I was around girls. I was always waiting for them to laugh at me, or look away embarrassed, or ask me about my tall handsome brother. I forgot about everything but Tysha, and somehow I found myself in her bed... Bronn:   For three chickens, I should hope so!", "Didn't last long: I didn't know what the hell I was doing. But she was good to me. She kissed me afterwards, and sang me a song, and by morning I was deep enough in love to ask for her hand. A few lies, a few gold coins, and one drunken septon, and there you have it: man and wife. A fortnight anyway, until the septon sobered up and told my father... Bronn:   Well, I imagine that was the end of all that.", "Not quite. First my father had Jaime tell me the truth: the girl was a whore, you see. Jaime had arranged the whole thing: the road, the rapers, all of it. He thought it was time I had a woman. After my brother confessed, my father brought in my wife and gave her to his guards. He paid her well, a silver for each of them. How many whores command that kind of price? He brought me into the barracks and made me watch. By the end, she had so much silver, that the coins were slipping through her fingers and rolling onto the floor. Bronn:   I would have killed the man who did that to me. Shae:   You should have known she was a whore.", "Really? I was sixteen, drunk and in love. Shae:   A girl who is almost raped doesn't invite another man into her bed two hours later.", "As I said, I was young and stupid. Shae:   You are still young and stupid.  [Shae approaches Tyrion and lies on top of him. They start having sex. Bronn realizes that he is not needed, and leaves] Shae:   What do you want from me?", "What do I want from you? I want you to share my tent. I want you to pour my wine, laugh at my jokes, rub my legs when they're sore after a day's ride. I want you to take no other man to bed as long as we're together. And I want you to fuck me like it's my last night in this world. Which it may well be.", "And here we have Bronn, son of... Bronn:   You wouldn't know him.\"Game of Thrones: The Children (#4.10)\" (2014)", "Oh get on with it, you son of a whore!", "I'm sorry... I'm sorry.  [Tyrion stares at the wall across the room and sees several weapons on display, among them a crossbow, and his expression quickly darkens. He takes the crossbow, then heads down the hall to the privy, opening the door to find his father seated upon the toilet]  [after killing Shae, Tyrion stares at the wall across the room and sees several weapons on display, among them a crossbow, and his expression quickly darkens. He takes the crossbow, then heads down the hall to the privy, opening the door to find his father seated upon the toilet. Tywin seems surprised to see Tyrion, but quickly regains his composure]", "All my life you've wanted me dead.", "[quietly] I loved her.", "Shae.", "I murdered her. With my own hands.", "Doesn't matter?", "[raises the crossbow angrily] Say that word again...", "I am your son and you sentenced me to die. You knew I didn't poison Joffrey, but you sentenced me all the same. Why?", "I can't go back there. She's in there.", "I am your son. I have always been your son.  [Tyrion shoots again, killing his father. Tyrion discards the crossbow as he leaves. The door opens, Varys stands there. He is shocked to see Tywin dead]", "A mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone.", "Look at me and tell me what you see.", "What you see is a dwarf. If I had been born a peasant, they might have left me out in the woods to die. Alas, I was born a Lannister of Casterly Rock. Things are expected of me. My father was the Hand of the King for twenty years.", "...Yes. Until my brother killed him. Life is full of these little ironies. My sister married the new king, and my repulsive nephew will be king after him. I must do my part for the honor of my house; wouldn't you agree? But how? Well, my brother has his sword, and I have my mind. And a mind needs books like a sword needs a whetstone. That's why I read so much, Jon Snow.", "Speaking for the grotesques, I have to disagree. Death is so final, yet life is full of possibilities. I hope the boy does wake. I'd be very interested to hear what he has to say.", "Dear brother, you wound me. You know how much I love my family.", "Before you go, you will call on Lord and Lady Stark and offer your sympathies.", "None. But it is expected of you. Your absence has already been noted.", "One word and I hit you again.", "Go! Tell her. But first you will get to Lord and Lady Stark, and you will fall on your knees and tell them how very sorry you are, that you are at their service and that all your prayers are with them. *Do you understand?*", "Do you understand?  [Joffery leaves angrily]", "I hope so. If he forgets, be a good dog and remind him.\"Game of Thrones: Book of the Stranger (#6.4)\" (2016)", "Trust me. My own recent experience with slavery has taught me the horrors of that institution. Missandei:   How many days were you a slave?", "Long enough to know. Missandei:   Not long enough to understand.", "I did. As a clever man once told me, \"We make peace with our enemies, not our friends.\"", "Slavery is a horror that should be ended at once. War is a horror that should be ended at once. [Grey Worm speaks about the slave masters]", "They look at me and they see a misshapen little beast. Their contempt is their weakness. They'll underestimate us every time and we will use that to our advantage.", "When I was twelve, I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake, I skinned my sausage, I made the bald man cry, into the turtle stew! Which I do believe my sister ate, at least I hope she did. [Tyrion is brought before Lysa, after asking to confess his crimes]", "Yes, My Lady. I do, My Lady.", "[meekly] Where do I begin, my lords and ladies? I am a vile man, I confess it. My crimes and sins are beyond counting. I have lied and cheated, gambled and whored. I'm not particularly good at violence, but I'm good at convincing others to do violence for me. You want specifics, I suppose. When I was seven, I saw a servant girl bathing in the river. I stole her robe and she was forced to return to the castle naked and in tears. I close my eyes, but I can still see her tits bouncing...  [Bronn and others chuckle]", "When I was ten, I stuffed my uncle's boots with goat shit. When confronted with my crime, I blamed a squire. Poor boy was flogged, and I escaped justice. When I was twelve I milked my eel into a pot of turtle stew. I flogged the one-eyed snake, I skinned my sausage. I made the bald man cry into the turtle stew, which I do believe my sister ate. At least I hope she did. I once brought a jackass and a honeycomb into a brothel...  [many of the crowd burst out laughing. Lysa explodes in rage, realizing that Tyrion is making fun of her]", "[innocently] Confessing my crimes. [Tyrion rolls in his sleep very close to the edge of the cell, almost falling to his death. He wakes up in time, and quickly gets as far as he can from the chasm. He approaches the door, knocks and calls Mord the gaoler]", "Mord! Turn-key! Mord! Mord!  [Mord, mean bully with little brain, enters the cell. He starts beating Tyrion with leather strap, making him retreat to the edge of the chasm] Mord:  [angrily] Dwarf man making noise!", "How would you like to be rich? Mord:  [beats Tyrion again] Dwarf man still making noise!", "[desperately] My family is rich. We have gold, lots of gold. I'm prepared to give you lots of gold if...  [Mord searches Tyrion's pockets, finding them empty] Mord:   No gold!  [Mord beats Tyrion once more]", "Well, I don't have it HERE. Mord:   No gold!  [Mord beats Tyrion one last time and turns to leave] Mord:   Fuck off!  [Mord exits the cell]  [Tyrion tries once again to free himself. He leans on the cell door, kicks it and repeatedly calls Mord the gaoler. Mord hears him and enters the cell, waving the leather strap. Tyrion slumps on the floor] Mord:   Noise again?", "About the gold...  [Mord beats Tyrion] Mord:   No gold! No gold!", "[desperately] Listen to me. Listen to me! Sometimes possession is an abstract concept...  [Mord beats Tyrion, clearly angry at him for using difficult words which he cannot preceive with his limited intelligence. Tyrion groans in pain]", "When they captured me, they took my purse, but the gold is still mine! Mord:  [holds the strap threateningly close to Tyrion's face] Where?", "Where? I don't know where...  [Mord beats Tyrion]", "...but when they free me... Mord:   You want free?  [mockingly, Mord gestures to the six-hundred-feet-long drop where the cell ends] Mord:   Go be free!", "Have you ever heard the phrase \"rich as a Lannister\"?  [Mord struggles to think it over]", "[talks slowly] Of course you have! You're a smart man. You know who the Lannisters are. I am a Lannister. Tyrion, son of Tywin. Of course, you have also heard the phrase \"a Lannister always pays his debts\". If you deliver a message from me...  [Tyrion starts to stands, but Mord waves the strap, so Tyrion stops]", "...to Lady Arryn, I will be in your debt. I will owe you gold... if you deliver the message, and I live, which I very much intend to do. Mord:  [suspiciously] What message?  [slowly and cautiously, Tyrion stands]", "Tell her I wish to confess my crimes.  [shortly afterwards, Tyrion is brought before Lady Arryn] \"Game of Thrones: High Sparrow (#5.3)\" (2015)", "I will not be of any use to Daenerys Targaryen if I lose my mind. I can't remember the last face I saw that wasn't yours.", "I need to speak to someone with hair.", "It's even better luck to suck a dwarf's cock.\"Game of Thrones: Oathkeeper (#4.4)\" (2014) [Jaime is visiting Tyrion in his cell]", "Is that supposed to make me feel better?", "It's complicated, yes. So how is our sister?", "How do you think? Her son died in her arms.", "\"Her\" son?", "Mm, my trial for regicide, yes, I know. I know the whole bloody country thinks I'm guilty. I know that one of my three judges has wished me dead more times than I can count, and that judge is my father. As for Cersei, well, she's probably working on a way to avoid a trial altogether by having me killed.", "So should I turn around and close my eyes?", "\"The Kingslayer Brothers.\" You like it? I like it.  [pause]", "You're really asking if I killed your son?", "Well, you can set me free.", "Then there's really nothing else to say.", "[sarcastically] Sorry, I'd forgotten. I'd hate for you to do something inappropriate.", "Except I didn't do it!", "A trial! If the killer threw himself before the Iron Throne, confessed to his crimes, and gave irrefutable evidence of his guilt, it wouldn't matter to Cersei. She won't rest until my head's on a spike.", "Sansa couldn't have done this.", "No, but... Sansa's not a killer. Not yet, anyway.\"Game of Thrones: Kissed by Fire (#3.5)\" (2013)", "What is she doing here?", "[Tywin sits with a thick book in his hand] You'll be pleased to learn that after one conversation with Olenna Tyrell, I've saved the Crown hundreds of thousands on this wedding.", "I'm Master of Coin. Saving money is important.  [Cersei smirks to the point of almost snickering. He looks at her with fuming annoyance]", "Stop that. You're making me uncomfortable.", "Very well. She's a lovely girl. Missing some of Loras' favorite bits, but I'm sure they'll make do.", "It wasn't my best, but I thought...", "Sansa is the key to the North? I seem to remember she has an older brother.", "The Tyrell army is helping us to win this war. Do you really think it's wise to refuse them?", "And how do we do that?", "Wonderful.", "[Tyrion looks at his sister beaming at him. His eyes widen and immediately learns he's the one his father plans to marry Sansa Stark. He looks back at his father, appalled] You can't mean it.", "Joffrey has made this poor girl's life miserable since the day he took her father's head. Now she's finally free of him and you want her to give her to me? That's cruel even for you.", "She's a child!", "And if I refuse?", "[angrily] I was wed. Or don't you remember you?", "Thank you for seeing me, my lady. I had hoped we might discuss a few financial matters. Lady", "It's the royal wedding. I'm told you had a hand in planning it. Lady", "It's shaping up to be a very involved affair. The word \"extravagant\" has been used. Lady", "I understand that. Lady", "But, as Master of Coin, it falls upon me to calculate the cost for the crown. As of now, it's a huge expense. Lady", "And... we're at war, Lady Olenna. Lady", "Yes, and maintaining supply lines... Lady", "And we are so grateful for your contributions, which are necessary for the preservation of the realm. Lady", "I would. Lady", "My lady... Lady", "Quite sufficient, thank you. Lady", "Good. One of my better ideas.", "The council has a reputation for serving past Hands poorly. I don't mean to follow Ned Stark to the grave.", "Why? Am I about to hear one?", "Depends on the sellsword.", "He has a sword, the power of life and death.", "I've decided I don't like riddles.", "Oh, and remember... Petyr 'Littlefinger' Baelish:   The queen mustn't know.", "You disappoint me, Grand Maester. Grand", "So loyal that you told the queen about my plans to send Myrcella to Dorne. Grand", "See, I told Varys that I was giving the princess to the Greyjoys. I told Littlefinger I planned to wed her to Robyn Arryn. I told no one that I was offering her to the Dornish. No one but you. Grand", "Cut off his manhood and feed it to the goats. Timett:   There are no goats, halfman.", "Well make do!", "[to Pycelle] How long have you been spying for my sister? Grand", "[casually to Bronn] I don't like his beard. Grand", "The Eyrie. They say it's impregnable. Bronn:   Give me ten good men and some climbing spikes. I'll impregnate the bitch.", "I like you. [on the road after Catelyn kidnaps Tyrion]", "This isn't the kingsroad. You said we were riding for Winterfell.", "Very wise. They'll be out in droves, looking for me in the wrong place. Word's probably gotten to my father by now. He'll be offering a handsome reward. Everyone knows a Lannister always pays his debts. Would you be so good as to untie me?", "Why not? Am I going to run? The hill tribes would kill me for my goods, unless a shadowcat ate me first.", "Ah. The eastern road. We're going to the Vale. You're taking me to your sister's to answer for my imagined crimes. Tell me, Lady Stark, when was the last time you saw your sister?", "She's changed. She was always a bit touched, but now, you might as well kill me here.", "Neither am I. I had nothing to do with the attempt on your son's life.", "What sort of imbecile arms an assassin with his own blade?  [Ser Rodrik approaches Catelyn] Ser", "Why? Am I starting to make sense?\"Game of Thrones: The Mountain and the Viper (#4.8)\" (2014)", "What's the punishment for regicide? Drawing and quartering? Hanging? Breaking at the wheel?", "Seems rather ordinary. And he was my nephew as well, so what is that? Fratricide is brothers. Filicide is sons. Nepoticide. That's the one. Matricide, patricide, infanticide, suicide. There's no kind of killing that doesn't have its own word.", "Cousins, you're right. There is no word for cousin killing. Well done.", "Do you remember cousin Orson? Orson Lannister?", "Simple? Used to sit all day in the garden. Crushing beetles with a rock.  [Jaime and Tyrion jokingly mimic how Orson used to crush beetles and the \"kun kun kun\" he made while doing so]", "Nothing made him happier.", "On the contrary. Laughing at another person's misery was the only thing that made me feel like everyone else.", "For you. You drifted away.", "Yes, other interests. But I stayed with Orson.", "I was curious. Why was he smashing all those beetles? What did he get out of it? First thing I did was ask him \"Orson, why are you smashing all those beetles?\". He gave me an answer \"Smath the beetles. Smath 'em. kun kun kun\".  [Jaime chuckles]", "I wasn't deterred. I was the smartest person I knew. Certainly I had the wherewithal to unravel the mysteries that lay at the heart of a moron. So I went to Maester Volarik's library.", "Turns out, far too much has been written about great men and not nearly enough about morons. Doesn't seem right. In any case, I found nothing that illuminated the nature of Orson's affliction or the reason behind his relentless beetle slaughter. So I went back to the source. I may not have been able to speak with Orson, but I could observe him, watch him, the way men watch animals to come to a deeper understanding of their behavior. And as I watched, I became more and more sure of it. There was something happening there. His face was like the page of a book written in a language I didn't understand, but he wasn't mindless, he had his reasons. And I became possessed with knowing what they were. I began spending inordinate amounts of time watching him. I would eat my lunch in the garden, chewing my mutton to the music of \"kun kun kun\". And when I wasn't watching him, I was thinking about him. Father droned on about the family legacy and I thought about Orson's beetles. I read the histories of Targaryen conquests. Did I hear dragon wings? No, I heard \"kun kun kun\". And I still couldn't figure out why he was doing it. And I had to know because it was horrible, that all these beetles would be dying for no reason.", "I know, I know. But still, it filled me with dread. Piles and piles of them, years and years of them. How many countless living crawling things smashed and dried out and returned to the dirt? In my dreams I found myself standing on a beach made of beetle husks stretching as far as the eye could see. I woke up crying, weeping for their shattered little bodies. I tried to stop Orson once.", "He just pushed me aside with a \"kun\" and kept on smashing. Every day until that mule kicked him in the chest and killed him.  [Tyrion notices a beetle on the floor. He picks it up, puts it back down and leaves it unharmed]", "So what do you think? Why did he do it? What was it all about?", "The Smoking Sea. How many centuries before we learn how to build cities like this again? Thousands of years the Valyrians were the best in the world at almost everything. And then...", "And then they weren't. \"They held each other close and turned their backs upon the end. The hills that split asunder and the black that ate the skies; The flames that shot so high and hot that even dragons burned; Would never be the final sights that fell upon their eyes. A fly upon a wall, the waves the sea wind whipped and churned -\"", "I would clap.", "Long, sullen silences and an occasional punch in the face. The Mormont Way.\"Game of Thrones: Garden of Bones (#2.4)\" (2012) [at Joffrey's command, Meryn Trant has beaten Sansa and torn her clothes, and he is about to continue beating her. Tyrion intervenes]", "What kind of knight beats a helpless girl?", "Someone get the girl something to cover herself with.  [Sandor Clegane gives Sansa his cloak]", "[to Joffrey] She's to be your queen! Have you no regard for her honor?", "For what crimes? She's not fighting her brother's battle, you halfwit.", "The Mad King did as he like. Has your uncle Jaime ever told you what happened to him?", "I'm not threatening the king, Ser, I'm educating my nephew.  [Tyrion speaks to Bronn]", "Bronn, the next time the Ser Meryn speaks, kill him.  [Tyrion turns to Ser Meryn]", "THAT was a threat. See the difference?", "I apologize for my nephew's behaviour. Tell me the truth, do you want to end this engagement?", "Lady Stark, you may survive us yet.\"Game of Thrones: Dark Wings, Dark Words (#3.2)\" (2013)Shae:   I'm worried about Sansa. When she spoke with Lord Baelish, his... friend warned me about him.", "Baelish doesn't have friends. Shae:   I don't know her name.", "Oh, Ros? The redhead? Shae:   How do you know her?", "I try to know as many people as I can. You never know which one you'll need. Shae:   She's a whore.", "Yes, well, we shouldn't be judgmental about these things. Shae:   You fucked her.", "Oh, please.  [Shae gives him a look]", "All right, yes, I fucked her once.  [Shae continues to stare at him]", "Twice.  [Shae pushes him away]", "But since I met you, my lady, I've been with no one else. Shae:   And? Was she good? Did you like her?", "Not as much as I like you, obviously, or she'd be the one torturing me right now. What did she say about Littlefinger? Shae:   That Sansa shouldn't trust him.", "Is there an idiot in any village who trusts Littlefinger?Shae:  [about Sansa] We have to protect her.", "We can't. Now that the Lannisters have discarded her, Sansa will have many suitors. A great beauty with a very old name. Shae:  [offended] A great beaut... oh, a great beauty?", "Yes, she is, objectively, very. Her face is quite pleasing to other men, and to women, people in general. But not to me, of course. I only have eyes for you. Shae:   You pervert! You want her? This child?", "I don't even want to talk about her. Shae:   But you ARE!", "Only because you're making me! Shae:  [scoffing] I didn't force you to open your mouth and make words come out.", "This is cruel and unfair. Cruelly unfair. Shae:   Aww, the cruelty. \"Shae's so cruel to me.\"", "Mmm, yes.  [Shae kisses Tyrion, then starts undressing him] Shae:   Now do you think I'm cruel?", "Only if you stop.\"Game of Thrones: The Climb (#3.6)\" (2013) [Tyrion and Cersei are watching Sansa talking to Ser Loras]", "I don't suppose there is anything we can do about this?", "It's hard to say which of the four of us is getting the worst of the arrangement. Probably Sansa. Though Loras will certainly come to know a deep and singular misery.", "Where to begin... this is awkward.\"Game of Thrones: The Laws of Gods and Men (#4.6)\" (2014)", "Father, I wish to confess. I wish to confess!", "[to the crowd] I saved you. I saved this city. All your worthless lives. I should have let Stannis kill you all.  [Crowd becomes outraged]", "Yes, father. I'm guilty. Guilty. Is that what you want to hear?", "No. Of that, I'm innocent. I'm guilty of a far more monstrous crime. I'm guilty of being a dwarf.", "Oh, yes I am. I've been on trial for that my entire life.", "Nothing but this, I did not do it.  [to Cersei]", "I did not kill Joffrey, but I wish that I had! Watching your vicious bastard die gave me more relief than a thousand lying whores!  [to the crowd]", "I wish I was the monster you think I am! I wish I had enough poison for the whole pack of you! I would gladly give my life to watch you all swallow it!  [Crowd outbursts again]", "I will not give my life for Joffery's murder and I know I'll get no justice here, so I will let the gods decide my fate. I demand a trial by combat!  [the crowd is shocked]", "Not going well, is it?", "Oh! You think so?", "Ned Stark was promised the same thing, and we both know how that turned out.", "How do you know?", "You love your children. It's your one redeeming quality - that and your cheekbones.Shae:   Cities make me want to fuck.", "And so did the country.\"Game of Thrones: Winter Is Coming (#1.1)\" (2011)", "Let me tell you something, Bastard. Never forget what you are, the rest of the world will not. Wear it like armor and it can never be used to hurt you.", "All dwarfs are bastards in their father's eyes.", "Should I explain the meaning of a closed door in a whorehouse, brother?", "She has odd cravings, our sister.", "[to Joffrey] We've had vicious kings and we've had idiot kings, but I don't know if we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot boy king!", "Oh you blind, bloody fool!", "We've had vicious kings, and we've had idiot kings, but I don't think we've ever been cursed with a vicious idiot for a king!", "I can, I am!", "The threw a cow pie at you so you decide to kill them all? They're starving, you fool! All because of a war you started!", "And now I've struck a king! Did my hand fall from my wrist? Where is the Stark girl?", "If she dies, you'll never get your Uncle Jaime back! You owe him quite a bit, you know!\"Game of Thrones: A Man Without Honor (#2.7)\" (2012)", "It's hard to put a leash on a dog once you've put a crown on its head.", "It's just you, me, and Joffrey. The Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm.", "He needs to start acting like a king. This war you started is coming to our doorstep. And if the entire city wants Joffrey dead...", "I thought the girls might help him.", "I was wrong!\"Game of Thrones: The Pointy End (#1.8)\" (2011)Shagga:   How would you like to die, Tyrion, son of Tywin?", "In my own bed, at the age of 80, with a belly full of wine and a girl's mouth around my cock. [Tyrion is whistling as he and Bronn walk through the Vale] Bronn:   Will you shut up? There's hill tribes all around here.", "If I'm going to die, it may as well be with a song in my heart. Bronn:   I should just take your food and leave you here. Eh? What would you do then?", "Starve, most likely. Bronn:   You don't think I'd do it, do you?", "What do you want, Bronn? Gold? Women? Gold and women? Stick with me and you'll have them all, for as long as I'm around and not a moment longer. But you knew that. That is why you so valiantly took up arms to defend my honor. Bronn:   Fair enough. But don't go looking for me to bend the knee and \"m'lord\" you every time you take a shit. I'm not your toady and I'm not your friend.", "Though I would treasure your friendship, I'm mainly interested in your facility with murder. And if the day ever comes when you're tempted to sell me out, remember this: whatever their price, I'll beat it. I like living.  [Tyrion continues whistling] \"Game of Thrones: The Dance of Dragons (#5.9)\" (2015)", "It's easy to confuse what is with what ought to be, especially when what is has worked out in your favor. Hizdahr zo Loraq:   I'm not talking about myself. I'm talking about the necessary conditions for greatness.", "My father would have liked you.", "In my experience, eloquent men are right. Every bit as often as imbeciles.\"Game of Thrones: Oathbreaker (#6.3)\" (2016)", "A wise man once said a true history of the world is a history of great conversations in elegant rooms. Missandei:   Who said this?", "Me, just now.Missandei:   We do not drink.", "Until you do.\"Game of Thrones: Battle of the Bastards (#6.9)\" (2016)", "Thank you for the armada. Our Queen does love ships.", "There are more than 100 ships in the Iron Fleet.", "Oh, they take all kinds.", "The king is very grateful that you traveled all this way for his wedding.", "Well, speaking as a fellow second son, I've grown rather used to being the family insult.  [Oberyn laughs]", "Why did you come to King's Landing, Prince Oberyn?", "I thought we were speaking truth.", "It wasn't actually...", "I've heard rumors.", "I wasn't there. I don't know what...", "Let's toast to Lanisters children: the dwarf, the cripple and the mother of madness!\"Game of Thrones: Cripples, Bastards, and Broken Things (#1.4)\" (2011)", "Come to see me off, Greyjoy? Kind of you. Your master doesn't seem to like Lannisters.", "No, of course not. What happened here? Where is Lady Stark? Why didn't she receive me?", "She's not in Winterfell, is she? Where did she go?", "\"Milady?\" Your loyalty to your captors is touching. Tell me, how do you think Balon Greyjoy would feel if he could see his only surviving son has turned lackey? I still remember my father's fleet burn in Lannisport. I believe your uncles were responsible.", "Nothing prettier than watching sailors burn alive. Yes, a great victory for your people. Shame how it all turned out.", "A stupid rebellion, then. I suppose your father realized that when your brothers died in battle. Now here you are, your enemy's squire.", "I've offended you. Forgive me. It's been a rough morning. Anyway, don't despair. I'm a constant disappointment to my own father and I've learned to live with it.  [Tyrion tosses a coin at Theon's feet]", "Your next tumble with Ros is on me. I'll try not to wear her out. [Tyrion gives Bran a drawing of saddle which will enable him to ride a horse]", "[nods] You will. On horseback you will be as tall as any of them.", "I have a tender spot in my heart for cripples and bastards and broken things.\"Game of Thrones: Fire and Blood (#1.10)\" (2011)", "Half wrong.\"Game of Thrones: Unbowed, Unbent, Unbroken (#5.6)\" (2015)", "Wait. WAIT! Wait, wait! Wait, you can't just hand a dried cock to a merchant and expect him to pay for it! He has to know it came from a dwarf! And how could he know unless he sees the dwarf? Slaver:   It will be a dwarf-sized cock.", "Guess again!\"Game of Thrones: The Bear and the Maiden Fair (#3.7)\" (2013)", "[talks about Sansa] She's a child. Bronn:   She's a foot taller than you.", "A tall child. Bronn:   What's the youngest you've ever had?", "Not that young. Bronn:   How much older?", "Older. Bronn:   You're a lord, she's a lady, and a beauty at that. I don't see the problem.", "Shae's not going to like it. Bronn:   Shae is a whore! Are you going to marry her? Eh? How did marrying a whore work out for you the first time?", "I should never have told you about that. Bronn:   You want Shae, keep her. Wed one and bed the other. All you have to do is get a son in the Stark girl. He'll be lord of Winterfell one day; you can rule the North in his name. You'll have two women and a whole kingdom of your own.", "Two women to despise me and a whole kingdom to join them. Bronn:   You waste time trying to get people to love you. You'll end up the most popular dead man in town.  [Bronn chuckles] Bronn:   You want to fuck that Stark girl. You just don't want to admit it.", "I don't pay you to put evil notions in my head. The ones already there don't need company. Bronn:   You pay me to kill people who bother you. Evil notions come free.\"Game of Thrones: The Winds of Winter (#6.10)\" (2016)", "You have your armies, you have your ships, you have your dragons. Everything you've ever wanted since you were old enough to want anything, it's all yours for the taking. Are you afraid?  [Daenerys nods]", "Good. You're in the great game now. And the great game's terrifying. The only people who aren't afraid of failure are madmen like your father.", "He wasn't the first to love you and he won't be the last.\"Game of Thrones: Valar Morghulis (#2.10)\" (2012)", "[to Shae] I'm a monster, as well as a dwarf. You should charge me double.\"Game of Thrones: No One (#6.8)\" (2016)", "The most famous dwarf in the world.\"Game of Thrones: Mother's Mercy (#5.10)\" (2015)", "I suppose there's no point ask how you find me.", "Well. She did not execute me. So that's a promising start. Now the heroes are off to find her. And I'm stuck here. Trying to precate a city in a brink of civil war. I will need advice from how to command.", "If only I knew someone with a vast network of spies.", "I did miss you.", "It's true. He has.", "I'm the gift. It's a pleasure to meet you, Your Grace. My name is Tyrion Lannister.  [Daenerys gapes at Tyrion]"]